
              Hello Obtainer of a copy of the BDD distribution!
              -------------------------------------------------

You are now reading the README file, and about to build your own version of
the BDD package example program.

The example BDD program tests whether Propositional formulas are
tautologies, or with the -s option whether they are satisfiable, i.e. can be
made true. This is a simple application of the use of BDDs to represent logic
functions and manipulate them. (See also the manual page bdd.1).
Most of the available functionality in the libbdd.a library can be accessed
through this simple user-interface and might help in better understanding the
semantics of the operations. Looking at the source files of main.c and the
parser (yacc.y) gives you some idea what is involved in using the library
routines in your own application.

The file COPYRIGHT that comes with each distribution states the copyright of
this software and the conditions of its use. Please read it.

Here is a list of machines on which the program was successfully installed:
  Apollo DN3000,
  Hewlett-Packard HP 9000 / Series 800
  Hewlett-Packard HP 9000 / Series 400 (425)
  Hewlett-Packard HP 9000 / Series 700 (710) (720)
  Alliant FX/8
  IBM RS/6000 running AIX
  Sun Sparc Station

This distribution contains all the sources, Makefiles, and test examples,
ordered in the following directories:

  doc      - contains the manual page, program documentation, references
[ o_src    - contains older BDD C source files without dyna var ordering ]
  src      - contains the BDD C source files
[ draw     - contains the C source files for drawing BDD's (optional)]
  ex       - contains *.pl example files
  utils    - files with utility routines for hash table, list, bitvector, etc.

---- A ----

This is how you get a executable copy of the "bdd" program:

In the "bdd" directory where you also found this README file, type:
  make

This will do:

1) go to the `utils' directory and execute:
  make utils

Afterwards you should get a libutils.a object archive. If so, you may safely
remove all the *.o files (make clean).
If something goes wrong, check the following:
Are the compiler flags compatible with your C compiler?
Is this BSD Unix you are using?
The utils directory in the directory `bdd' might be a symbolic link. Make sure
that you have also obtained a copy of utils.tar.Z.

2) go to the `src' directory and execute:
  make

After a while you get a `bdd' executable. Put it in your bin directory.
Type "make what" to see how to make various libraries if you are not interested
in the application program. Usually you want the "libbdd.a" library to
link with your own application program.

---- B (optional) ----

This is how you get a executable copy of the "bdd2X" program:

1) go to the `utils' directory and type:
  make utils

2) go to the `draw' directory and type:
  make

After a while you get a `bdd2X' executable. Put it in your bin directory.

Enjoy the program. If you like to make changes/modifications, be my guest.
I am interested to learn about new applications and major additions to the
program. Also, if you come across bugs, please let me know.

                                Geert Janssen
              Department of Electrical Engineering, room EH 9.26
                      Technical University of Eindhoven
                                 Den Dolech 2
                                 P.O. Box 513
                              5600 MB Eindhoven
                         E-Mail: geert@ics.ele.tue.nl
